[ENH] Document new dataset description file (#351)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/user_guide/dataset_description.md

Dataset information from this file will be displayed to a user when they discover your dataset in the Neurobagel query tool.

## If your dataset is in BIDS

The Neurobagel dataset description shares a subset of keys in common with the BIDS `dataset_description.json`,
but supports additional optional keys related to dataset access information (see [Dataset description fields](#dataset-description-fields)).

Your existing valid BIDS `dataset_description.json` can be directly used for Neurobagel without modification. 
However, we strongly recommend adding the Neurobagel-supported keys (highlighted below) to improve dataset [FAIRness](https://www.go-fair.org/fair-principles/) and dataset discoverability in Neurobagel:

``` { .json hl_lines="6-10" title="Neurobagel dataset description template" }
{
    "Name": "My Dataset",
	"Authors": [],
	"ReferencesAndLinks": [],
	"Keywords": [],
	"RepositoryURL": "",
	"AccessInstructions": "",
	"AccessType": "",
	"AccessEmail": "",
	"AccessLink": ""
}

> ```

Reviewer: I think this is now all resolved by the two sections being merged

!!! tip

>     BIDS allows additional keys in `dataset_description.json`; these will be safely ignored by the BIDS validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The additional fields that Neurobagel adds do not make the `dataset_description.json` file invalid.
    The BIDS validator will safely ignore these.
```
